Create readme.md file that will describe the installation and development process for reactJS application and laso have the description of application that allow to add some amount of people using the form and see the list of people in the table
ChatGPT
React People List Application
This ReactJS application allows you to add people via a form and view the list of people in a table. The project utilizes React Hooks and other modern React features to manage state and render UI components.

Features
User-friendly form to add new people
Table that dynamically updates to display the list of people
Form validation
Basic search functionality
Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

Node.js installed (v14.x.x or higher)
npm installed (v6.x.x or higher)
git installed (v2.x.x or higher)
Installation
Clone the repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/react-people-list.git
Navigate to the directory

bash
Copy code
cd react-people-list
Install dependencies

bash
Copy code
npm install
Running the Application
Start the development server

bash
Copy code
npm start
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

Development
Here are some commands you can run to develop the application:

npm start: Runs the app in the development mode
npm test: Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode
npm run build: Builds the app for production to the build folder
npm run eject: Ejects the application (note: this is a one-way operation)
Directory Structure
src/ - All of the source code
components/ - React components
App.js - Main application file
index.js - Entry point for React
public/ - Public assets and HTML
package.json - Project dependencies and scripts
README.md - Project documentation
Contributing
Fork the repository and create your branch from main.
Make your changes.
Run tests.
Submit a pull request.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more details.

Contact
For more information, contact the author at youremail@example.com.

Feel free to modify this README to better match your project's requirements and specifications.
